samples: nrf9160: lte_ble_gateway: ignore agps failure on cloud data rx and update doc (#8017)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/nrf9160/lte_ble_gateway/README.rst

1. Power on your Thingy:52 and observe that it starts blinking blue.
#. Open a web browser and navigate to https://nrfcloud.com/.
   Follow the instructions to set up your account and to add an LTE device.

> #. Power on or reset the kit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Power on or reset the DK.
```

> #. Observe in the terminal window connected to the first serial port that the kit starts up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Observe in the terminal window connected to the first serial port that the DK starts up.
```

   This is indicated by an output similar to the following line:

   .. code-block:: console

      ***** Booting Zephyr OS build v3.0.99-ncs1-9-g8ffc2ab25eaa *****

#. Observe that the message ``LTE Sensor Gateway sample started`` is shown in the terminal window, to ensure that the application has started.
#. The nRF9160 DK now connects to the network. This might take several minutes.
#. Observe that LED 3 starts blinking as the connection to nRF Cloud is established.
#. The first time you start the sample the device will be paired to your account.
#. Observe that LED 4 is turned on to indicate that the connection to nRF Cloud is established.

> #. Observe that the device is shown as connected in Device Management -> Devices in nRF Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Select :guilabel:`Device Management` in the left pane and select :guilabel:`Devices` in the nRF Cloud portal.
#. Observe that the device is shown as connected in the Devices screen.
```

#. Set switch 2 in the position marked as **N.C.**. If a GNSS position fix is acquired, GNSS data is now added to the sensor data.
#. Make sure that the Thingy:52 has established a connection to the application.
   This is indicated by its led blinking green.

> #. Select the device from your device list on nRF Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Select the device from your device list in the nRF Cloud portal.
```

#. Flip the Thingy:52, with the USB port pointing upward, to trigger the sending of the sensor data to nRF Cloud.

> #. Observe that the sensor data is received from the kit in nRF Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Observe that the sensor data is received from the DK to the nRF Cloud.
```
